>> Will Sentance: Here we go, so
super refers to lets go run userCreator
just like we did before, go run use
a creator, make the object, but before we
use that previous work and applied it to
the local object in paid userCreator.
Now we're gonna make the object
inside of userCreator,
not inside of paid userCreator, and we're
gonna return it out into paid userCreator.
Let's do it, and then we're done, people.
So, calling super really
calls userCreator,
constructor function,
let's have Nick, save me Nick.
When calling super, it's really
userCreator with a new keyword in front of
it, its output is gonna be stored
in our this, in paid userCreator,
talk me through the execution context
of userCreator with a new keyword.
Help me out, Nick.
>> Nick: So the new keyword-
>> Will Sentance: Let's just do
our arguments first.
>> Nick: Argument, okay.
>> Will Sentance: So our arguments are?
>> Nick: Our arguments are name and score.
>> Will Sentance: Those are our
parameters with the arguments.
>> Nick: With the arguments, Alyssa at 8.
>> Will Sentance: Alyssa is our argument,
assigned to a parameter name and score,
and then scores 8.
It's the being called with a new
keyword because super is really
calling userCreator the construct a bit
with a new keyword to make the object, but
note we making inside of here
this time not out here, okay?
So let's do the new keyword stuff.
Go ahead.
>> Nick: So new creates this,
an empty this object.
>> Will Sentance: Beautiful.
>> Nick: Which gets set with a proto-
>> Will Sentance: To where?
Normally, it would be to
userCreator.protoype,
this object here, wouldn't it?
>> Nick: Yes.
>> Will Sentance: But
by the nature of the cost design,
the super sets this object's proto,
not to the function
userCreator.prototypes object.
Instead, it overrides it.
And David, where does it set it to?
>> Nick: Page userCreator.
>> Will Sentance: Page
userCreator.prototype, fantastic.
And that's what I was
regretting bringing up, but
sort of showing you under
the hood what's happening.
It says run userCreator
with a new keyword.
Parse in these arguments and
set the returned objects proto
to pageuserCreator.prototype.
That's all this, this is a new way of
doing something in JavaScript in ES6 that
allows you to manually control
more of what the new keyword does.
That's all it was, but we can see without
bringing that up but forgive me for
bringing that up.
It's interesting thing to see there's
a new way of doing this stuff.
But yeah, we now set our proto,
remind me again, Nick, to what?
>> Nick: Paid userCreator.
>> Will Sentance: Dot prototype.
That object, yeah, exactly.
Let's just draw the line through.
It's a long way.
Can I get my line?
Almost, there it is, and
that object is gonna have what
properties added to it, Nick?
>> Nick: Name and
score set to the values of Alyssa, and 8.
>> Will Sentance: Beautiful, name and
score, this is our final, final code.
It's great but it's stuck inside of,
so 1 with this is the object,
2 was proto was set, but
proto was set in a really interesting way.
I don't know, all right,
and 3 is to do what, Nick?
>> Nick: It's returned to
the constructor of paid userCreation.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic, so
its execution context in what local-
>> Nick: In one this object.
>> Will Sentance: In this, exactly.
It goes and sticks in the this fantastic.
But folk, it was even a revelation to me.
I say even, but
probably especially a revelation to me.
That is awful, I apologize.
It was a revelation to me that
the construction of the object itself, is
happening in the userCreator constructor,
and then getting returned out one level.
Okay, where returned with name,
Alyssa, score 8, and then proto is a bond,
quite conveniently,
I'll just join it on there.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: [LAUGH] Okay,
let's just get rid of it from here,
let's just say here it was up to here,
there it is, and
now we can see where it actually links.
No, this is getting horrible,
I regret this.
Just gonna get my purple line.
>> Will Sentance: There we go,
nice and tidy now.
There we go, and
now what do we add to this object, Nick?
>> Nick: Now, we add increase balance?
>> Will Sentance: That was in
our prototype easy slip to make.
>> Nick: Account balance.
>> Will Sentance: Account balance
with what property value?
>> Nick: 25.
>> Will Sentance: 25, good.
And to our last online
member who's still with us,
cuz they can leave the room anytime.
That is the blessing of
being the online audience.
Anytime they can leave the room going,
it was good, next time.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: We grab this object,
we're calling page userCreator
with a new keyword, so
Nick, we've got our lovely object here.
In the this,
what do we do to it automatically?
>> Nick: We return it to paid user1.
>> Will Sentance: To paid user1.
Nick, I'm so impressed.
Out it comes, there it is,
into paid user1 where,
>> Will Sentance: We find,
let me just get my handwriting
really neat for this final piece.
Where we find name, Seth,
stop packing your stuff up.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: Shh,
I can literally hear the zip of your bag,
Seth.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: Okay?
And the proto is conveniently
set to exactly what we want.
So here we go.
Our final lookups.
I'm actually out of breath from so
much excitement, excitement.
All right, I really don't know why
I brought up this version, but
it should show you what the new keyword
is really doing in this situation,
it's slightly different here.
It's making the bond to
a different portion, and
that's actually what's
happening behind the scenes.
Although it's very cool when I saw that.
Okay, so let's do our final lookups,
remembering all we want is a paid
user1 who has access to the paid
user specific functionality, but
also to the user functionality, and
that paid user1 has the properties
of a regular user, and we didn't have
to go and redo the property assignment,
we just used the constructor that
made the regular user earlier.
And finally with the class model in the
new ES6 version, you do the creation of
that object in userCreator, and
then return it out to paid userCreator.
Which seems reasonable, but
it is different to how we used to do it
canonically in pre-ES6, pre-2015,
where we built it out here and
then had side effects to change it,
using the previous constructor function.
Paid user1,
you want that increased balance,
let's call it, Elliot,
it is your moment man.
>> Elliot: We look for a paid user1.
>> Will Sentance: Hold on, hold on,
hold on, paid user1.increase balance,
this is remember,
the paid user specific functionality.
Let's go on that lookup, Elliot.
>> Elliot: We look for
the increase balance method.
>> Will Sentance: Yep.
>> Elliot: It's not there, so-
>> Will Sentance: We wouldn't want it to
be there would we,
cuz that would mean it'd copy you on every
single object which would be ridiculous.
So where do we look?
>> Elliot: We follow the proto to paid
userCreator, prototype object and
we find it there.
>> Will Sentance: Beautiful, let's see
if he can do it for the other one.
So that's the pages what and
by the way user1 if we went looking for
increased balance.
We wouldn't find it on user1, but nor
do we find on userCreated.prototype.
So that's great, we don't want it.
The regular user didn't pay, so we don't
want to have an increased balance.
So, now let's check if our
paid user1 though still
gets access to our user
specific functionality.
Elliot, help me again on
that look up journey.
>> Elliot: We look in the global memory,
again, paid user1.
>> Will Sentance: Perfect there it is.
>> Elliot: Look for
the method increase say name.
>> Will Sentance: Say name.
>> Elliot: It's not there so
we follow the proto to-
>> Will Sentance: Hold up.
Yep, so it's there, it's not there so
we follow the proto reference up.
>> Elliot: To paid userCreator
prototype object and it's not there so
we follow that.
>> Will Sentance: Do we panic?
>> Elliot: No.
>> Will Sentance: A little bit.
>> Elliot: A little bit.
>> Will Sentance: But then no more and
we follow it up to-
>> Elliot: The proto up to the userCreator
prototype objects.
>> Will Sentance: And
what do we find there?
>> Elliot: We find the say name.
>> Will Sentance: And
we can execute its code.
Let's give Elliot a huge hand,
well done man.
>> Audience: [APPLAUSE]
>> Will Sentance: That's it folk,
that is it.
We have implemented, from scratch, under
the hood, solution 2 of sub-classing.
And you can see, is brutal.
But we have the full
model of how it works.
And we control every single
piece of it by hand.
Which I like this.
I know exactly what I'm doing here.
I know what my functions are, I'm manually
setting bonds to them, no problem.
Then we said new keyword.
Do some of that connecting
up automatically.
And you know what, we ended up doing
some sort of weird connecting up,
meaning we had to kind of use that
function over there, userCreator.
And we wanted to use it but
we had to kind of play with it
by setting the this to be the this
one there out in paid userCreator,
so that it referred to the right object
that we were making for a paid user.
That was a little bit of a mess,
sorry David, go ahead.
>> David: And then update proto.
>> Will Sentance: And then update proto.
That was a little bit mess,
well, we update proto,
exactly, update proto on the paid
userCreator's set of functions so
that they had a link to the userCreator's
set of functions, the user functions.
It's a little bit, I mean this was
the emerging standard until ES 2015.
And I can tell you it's a little
bit [SOUND], I don't know.
It's a little bit, almost hackey,
not literally, but
just it kinda gives you some stuff and
then takes away.
It gives you some stuff and too much,
and you have to kinda do adjustments.